Kate and Bayle's Devlog

2016-01-13
Today was the start of our project devlog.
After Kate had her vision that came to her in a dream, we discussed our new project plan, drawing diagrams and flowcharts and all of that neat stuff.
Then, after getting Mr. Brown's seal of approval, we began to make the basic structures for our classes.
We also created the driver file, DealOrNoDeal.java, and wrote some basic contents.
Tomorrow, we will further develop Briefcase and Player, our two most important classes at the moment.
We will also discuss the relationships between all our prospective classes.
RIP David Bowie.

2016-01-14
We worked on displaying the game board.
We also made to-do.txt, a UML diagram, and a flowchart.
In class, we worked on choosing your initial briefcase.
At home, we worked on the progression of the same (choosing briefcases and all that fun stuff). 
We now have a very basic layout of our game coded.
RIP Alan Rickman.

2016-01-15
Today was a very productive day. In class, Bayle worked on starting the Dealer class while Kate wrote the very end of the game: the finalTwo method.
Then, at home, Kate edited the Dealer class to make it work with the driver class, and implemented it at its appropriate places.
Our game now runs how it should, at its bare minimum.
Next up to work on is class CaseHolder, and then possibly the superclass for all our characters.

2016-01-16
Kate worked on printing the numbers with their proper commas.

2016-01-16/17
Bayle created the CaseHolders and their helpful responses and she implemented it in the driver class so that after each case opening, there would be a response. 
Also, before the dealer was only offering $0; Bayle set them straight.
Kate edited CaseHolders and expanded it more, adding more possibilities for responses and changing minor algorithmic things.


2016-01-19
In class, Kate created the (very simple) driver file, for the sake of clenliness.
At home, we both worked on implementing the Box 24 method.

2016-01-20
In class, Mr. Brown finally read our email about having a new Github repository.
Then, Bayle and Kate worked on creating another alternate ending, where a user can guess what in in their briefcase to gain (or lose) an additional $500.
Kate finished it at home, and added necessary helper methods.

2016-01-21
In class, we worked on some cool fancy animation thing that makes our display prettier. 
But that is still a work in progress as we are not sure what exactly to do with it.
When we got home, Bayle implemented the doggy animation.
Kate edited her code after, and changed the formatting of the game setup a bit. She also modified the end of the game a bit aesthetically, but nothing major.

2016-01-22
More animation work. That's basically it...

2016-01-23
Kate added appropriate comments to all our classes and methods so other people can read our code and understand what's going on.
Kate also caught and fixed some bugs after having her entire family test out the game, which was good.
She fixed the error that came with winning a negative amount of money. Now, winning a negative amount will not break the game.
She also fixed up the messages displayed upon winning the game, as before they were backwards (The lower you won, the more positive the comment was! That's no good!).
Bayle worked on creating some interfaces and superclasses, to spice things up and add a sense of inheritance to our game. Then, after the made them work, Kate edited these new classes to make them fit in better.
Kate also changed the way Dealer calculates the amount to offer. Instead of offering the mean, she made it offer the geometric mean. This basically involved rewriting the entire class, but now it gives wayyy better offers.
There was an error in calculating this, and it went undetected for a while, but Kate eventually figured it out while having her mom test the game, and was able to fix it.
Are we done now?
